h1. Custom release based on Play Framework 1.2.4

This is a custom release based on the 1.2.4 version of Play Framework.
It is not the same as checking out the 1.2.x branch. This release is already build and packaged and
contains just a minimum of extra commits from that branch making
this release as stable as the 1.2.4 release but with some additional fixes.

h2. Custom version 1.2.3-mbknor-2 (2011-12-13)

You can download it here: "play-1.2.4-mbknor-1.zip":https://github.com/downloads/mbknor/play/play-1.2.4-mbknor-2.zip

Added the following commits from 1.2.x branch:

 * "[#1308] fix local variable initialization":https://github.com/playframework/play/commit/951d0b1800b2d1a8fed6819ff6a6b0a2de6982d5
 * "[#1308] Testcase for local-variable-tracer and await":https://github.com/playframework/play/commit/7ad2e3b693ee60a850212fe368c3f81282c4940d
 * "[#857] [#491] [#1221] [#1198] [#811] fix scala module regression":https://github.com/playframework/play/commit/449034275f46c1b156678b4add60da835b1bac02


h2. Custom version 1.2.4-mbknor-1

You can download it here: "play-1.2.4-mbknor-1.zip":https://github.com/downloads/mbknor/play/play-1.2.4-mbknor-1.zip

Added the following commits from 1.2.x branch:

 * "[#1282] validation-state now survives when using await()":https://github.com/playframework/play/commit/923d4142d29ca343f651320492c6bfd2f4e9113a
 * "[#1255] Storing/Restoring params when using await":https://github.com/playframework/play/commit/5038b4e6c7c3f7090f49875759259d46919b740c
 * "[#857] [#491] [#1221] [#1198] [#811] Big fix for local variable enhancer and javaflow (fixes multiple Enhancer bugs) (many thanks to Stéphane Godbillon!)":https://github.com/playframework/play/commit/8823d3827557df3e8bfdbd181bfc8befc9e644d4

Known problems:
 * Does not work with scala-module


----

h1. Welcome to Play framework

Play framework makes it easier to build Web applications with Java. It is a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks. It focuses on developer productivity and targets RESTful architectures. Play is a perfect companion to agile software development.

Learn more on the "http://www.playframework.org":http://www.playframework.org website.

h2. Getting started

1. Install the latest version of Play framework and unzip it anywhere you want:

bc. unzip play-1.2.zip -d /opt/play-1.2

2. Add the **play** script to your PATH:

bc. export PATH=$PATH:/opt/play-1.2

3. Create a new Play application:

bc. play new /opt/myFirstApp

4. Run the created application:

bc. play run /opt/myFirstApp

5. Go to "localhost:9000/":http://localhost:9000 and you’ll see the welcome page.

6. Start developing your new application:

* "Your first application — the ‘Hello World’ tutorial":http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.1/firstapp
* "Tutorial — Play guide, a real world app step-by-step":http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.1/guide1
* "The essential documentation":http://www.playframework.org/documentation/1.0.3/main
* "Java API":http://www.playframework.org/@api/index.html

h2. Get the source

Fork the project source code on "Github":http://github.com/playframework/play:

bc. git clone git://github.com/playframework/play.git

The project history is pretty big. You can pull only a shallow clone by specifying the number of commits you want with **--depth**:

bc.  git clone git://github.com/playframework/play.git --depth 10

h2. Reporting bugs

Please report bugs on "our lighthouse tracker":http://play.lighthouseapp.com/projects/57987-play-framework.

h2. Licence

Play framework is distributed under "Apache 2 licence":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.